type: page
title: Sponsorship
slug: sponsorship
---

Sponsoring PyCon UK is a great way for companies to support the Python
community, promote their products, and meet Python developers who are looking
for work.

We couldn&rsquo;t run the conference without the generous support of our
sponsors.  In return, we will ensure that our sponsors are given exposure
before, during, and after the conference, and we will work with sponsors to
ensure that they get exactly what they need from sponsoring the conference.


## Benefits

We offer free tickets to all sponsors.

We will promote sponsors before the conference through social media and in the
conference newsletter.  In addition, sponsors&rsquo; logos will be placed on
the conference website and on signs around the conference venue, and sponsors
will be able to advertise in the conference booklet.

Sponsors will be able to set up booths in the central [Marble
Hall](http://www.cardiffcityhall.com/rooms/marble-hall) to allow them to
interact with attendees for the duration of the conference.

We run a jobs fair over the Sunday lunchtime, allowing sponsors to meet with
conference attendees who are (or expect to be soon) looking for work.

In addition, gold and silver sponsors will be offered time in the programme to
give a presentation about a topic of their choice.


## Pricing

There are three available levels of sponsorship:

* Gold sponsorship costs &pound;9,995.  Gold sponsors are eligible for ten free
tickets, and will be invited to give a fifteen minute sponsored keynote on any
appropriate topic during the conference.
* Silver sponsorship costs &pound;4,995.  Silver sponsors are eligible for five
free tickets, and will be invited to give a five minute sponsored lightning
talk during the conference.
* Bronze sponsorship costs &pound;1,995.  Bronze sponsors are eligible for two
free tickets.


## Corporate Social Responsibility

We know that some sponsors support the conference as part of a Corporate Social
Responsibility initiaive, and we will work with sponsors to produce a CSR
report if this is required.


## Next steps

If you&rsquo;re interested in sponsoring the conference, please get in touch
with us via email at pyconuk-sponsorship@python.org.
